feat(Forms): add `Form.InfoOverlay` to display error, success (receipt), or custom messages to users (#4357)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Form/Status/info.mdx

---
showTabs: true
hideInMenu: true
---

## Description

> `Form.Status` shows a success or error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Form.Status` shows a success or error message, and can be used when...
```

When could/should this component be used? To standardize handling successful and failing submission of a form?

## Usage

By default the given children will be shown.

```tsx
import { Form } from '@dnb/eufemia/extensions/forms'

render(
  <Form.Handler>
    <Form.Status>visible content</Form.Status>
  </Form.Handler>,
)
```

## Showing the success or error message

You can show the success or error message by using the `Form.Status.setStatus` method:

```tsx
Form.Status.setStatus(id, 'success')
// or
Form.Status.setStatus(id, 'error')
```

> You can call it when ever you need to show the success message. Here is an example of how to use it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can call it whenever you need to show the success message. Here is an example of how to use it:
```
